feat: add `$jazz` property to CoValues (#2693)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/content/docs/groups/intro.mdx

You can use a `Group` to grant access to a CoValue to **multiple users**. These users can
have different roles, such as "writer", "reader" or "admin".

CoValues owned by an Account can only be accessed by that Account. Additional collaborators cannot be added,
and the ownership cannot be transferred to another Account. This makes account ownership very rigid.

Creating a Group for every new CoValue is a best practice, even if the Group only has a single user in it
(this is the default behavior when creating a CoValue with no explicit owner).

> <Alert variant="info" className="flex gap-2 items-center my-4">
>   Account ownership is kept for backwards compatibility, but will be removed in a future release.
> </Alert>

Reviewer: I personally would make it even more discouraging, WDYT?

```suggestion
<Alert variant="warning" className="flex gap-2 items-center my-4">
  While creating CoValues with Accounts as owners is still technically possible for backwards compatibility, it will be removed in a future release.
</Alert>
```
